Hello, you are welcome
I have you at a recipe today
again a turkish pie and that way
that a chocolate cake at this
Actually, it's all about pie
decoration I'll show you anyway
again ground recipe
I have five eggs here 120 grams of flour
80 g of cornstarch 180 grams of sugar 4
tablespoons of water on a packet of baking powder
and a packet of vanilla sugar and two
I already have tablespoons of margarine
brought melt
I have just a pinch of salt
and two tablespoons of water and beaten
I have the yolk with the sugar
and vanilla sugar pitched
looks pretty creamy that then short
fold
in the meantime I have the flour with me
the cornflour and baking powder
mix and then it will be easy
about 7 there are determined by always
the remaining ingredients water was left over
remained and the margarine still with
in
good even about 180 degrees about 45 minutes
to bake
the first floor I have ever pure
done and then get my red with
Submit cash
So of course you can also arbitrarily
brought him or jam with water
vettel I like it very very much also
with coffee because I always have one now
Cream also chocolate and a bit
coffee with mine so gave the
five and of course anyone can do it
that is a very easy and
delicious fulfillment but the second floor
also given and with coffee
discuss and give now only one
little movie on it and give the look
Now about an hour in the
fridge with chocolate coating
I then 200 grams of chocolate either
Can you take a blog or chocolate?
chocolate chips I think
but better with 200 milliliters
cream melted and then
I'll stop that and
get a little bit slow and then
Just give it over the cake too
already shiny web you can then too
keep tablespoon palm oil nor give to
So after about an hour is the cream
got a nice party and I got chocolate
it also got cold and too
a little firmer with I just give it
about the cake
the chocolate just on the sides
let flow under
so now we come I have you yes
shown how I like these things
had prepared
I will then be my cake
decorate her just comes like that
to the side I have all theirs
she gets it everywhere I have
me too bad , the shipping has ordered it
are also in different
wide and long
I have so three narrow slides here
I just get up next to each other
give my baking paper and there is hoping
then just the pain of chocolate
and then you can just do that
smooth out
So it's really stupid that his son
After a while, the solid chunks
or you wait your head and as soon as you
notices what has become stronger now
you can just do the slide here
lying aside and could do that
then just for a change
I have to carry and become very firm
Then you just stuck together so
the walls and this will be so cold
so here I will be the
simply pull off the film but carefully
Here I will just darken
Jersey is the strip bit
Base
I have that with just one
toothpick taken
the rest and then just over it
speak
so there are always different
pattern out like this
I'm also here that you always
I'm surprised what I get out of there
get to find
you can use the patterns from it
decorate your actions as you please
So I'll show you some so the
have become really nice and also
have become nice
I have the example here then
beautiful bouquet get the said
every pattern is different
so here in the middle then comes now
my flower suddenly this very much
you have to be sensitive then
arrive at the client simply to the
This is what my pie looks like
decorated
are they from the inside today so we are
Everyone is excited about the pie
tastes really great super great
delicious
I hope that you enjoy it and
I wish you a lot of fun trying it out
and say bye bit next
Video